=head1 NAME

remocular_install - Installing remOcular

=head1 OVERVIEW

RemOcumar consists of two main components, a JavaScript application running
in the webbrowser and a CGI based web service. You need a web server for
delivering the JavaScript to the browser and for running the web service.
The web service will work both as a CGI as well as a FastCGI. For
performance reasons it is advisable to run the webservice as a FastCGI.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 Installation Location

Most webservers require you to put files and active content into particular
locations. Since we try to keep as much of remOcular in a regular
installation directory, we are distingushin between client and server parts
of the application.

 SRV_ROOT=/opt/remocular/server
 CLI_ROOT=/var/www/remocular

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2009 by Tobias Oetiker. All right reserved.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA
02139, USA.

=head1 AUTHOR

Tobias Oetiker E<lt>tobi@oetiker.chE<gt>

=cut
